[doc/getting_started] Updates and minor corrections to documentation (#16464)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/getting_started/setup_dv.md

The `uvmdvgen` tool provides an empty shell sequence at `dv/env/seq_lib/<dut>_sanity_vseq.sv` for developing the sanity test.
The sanity test can be run as-is by invoking `dvsim.py`, as a "hello world" step to bring the DUT out of reset.
```console
$ util/dvsim/dvsim.py path/to/<dut>_sim_cfg.hjson -i <dut>_sanity [--waves <format>] [--tool xcelium]
```

The generated initial testbench is not expected to compile and elaborate successfully right away.
There may be additional fixes required, which can hopefully be identified easily.
Once the testbench compiles and elaborates without any errors or warnings, the sanity sequence can be developed further to access a major datapath and test the basic functionality of the DUT.

VCS is used as the default simulator.
It can be switched to Xcelium by setting `--tool xcelium` on the command line.

> To dump waves from the simulation, pass the `--waves <format>` argument to `dvsim.py`. With Xcelium you should probably use '--waves shm' and with VCS specify '--waves vpd' but both can generate the more portable, but much larger, VCD format by specifying the '--waves vcd' parameter.

Reviewer: or `fsdb` for VCS if you using Verdi? @sriyerg

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we could just list the supported formats and let the user pick whichever their setup supports (not everyone will have access to a Verdi license (sold separately by Snps). 

```suggestion
To dump waves from the simulation, pass the `--waves <format>` argument to `dvsim.py`. 
- With VCS, `vpd`, and `fsdb` are the supported formats.
- With Xcelium,  `shm`, `fsdb` and `vcd` are the supported formats.
- To find the list of supported formats for each tool, please lookup the `supported_wave_formats` key in the tool specific `dvsim.py` setup at `hw/dv/tools/dvsim/<tool>.hjson`.
```

```console
$ util/dvsim/dvsim.py hw/top_earlgrey/dv/top_earlgrey_sim_cfgs.hjson -i smoke --fixed-seed=1
```
Since the CI runs tests with pseudo-random behaviour driven from 'seed' numbers, to be confident of reproducing the failure we must supply the exact seed that CI used.

Assume there is a failure in the `uart_smoke` test. To reproduce this with the DV simulation environment we use the following command, remembering to replace '<seed>' with the seed number, and to choose an appropriate waveform '<format>':

> 

Reviewer 3: Did you mean to put an extra newline here? If not we should stick to one for consistency.

We can only run the failed test with `--fixed-seed=1` to reproduce the failure.
Assume there is a failure in the `uart_smoke` test. Here is the run command to reproduce it.
```console

> $ util/dvsim/dvsim.py hw/ip/uart/dv/uart_sim_cfg.hjson -i uart_smoke --fixed-seed=1 [--waves vcd]

Reviewer: VCD format is huge (orders of magnitude sometimes) compared to others. Do we want this to be what we show in the example over say `fsdb` or `vpd`? @sriyerg can comment more

Author: VCD files are indeed huge, and I'd rather avoid any mention of vcd files. I was only trying to offer a command that works whichever simulator is being used. I could flesh out the description to describe explicitly which simulator and format combinations are available/supported?

Reviewer 2: I think we can just leave this as `[--waves <format>]`, if we are already mentioning the list of supported formats above.
